here we have the clone of the ibanez
overdrive 850 this is actually a clone
of the very first version built in 1974
was changed two years later in 1976 that
was the second version this is the first
verse and this was actually Ibanez his
answer to the big muff pedal so it has
similar controls basically it was the
ibanez overdrive 850 this one's called
850 OD I don't know like a time so it's
got a new time in life got three
controls here sustained balanced tone
sustained it's kind of like a distortion
level balance is actually more like a
volume and tone is you know says it all
anyway just going to kick it up show you
the ampere going through basically this
is a one watt amp going through a old
radio housing so here we go
Oh
you
I
Oh
you